Hi, my name is Evin, and I think I can help you fill your vacant full-stack developer position at Westpac. I'm a full stack developer who's fascinated by software vulnerabilities, how to secure against them while keeping good UX/UI and the code maintainable. In my several years working as a technology consultant, I have worked with many web technologies, both on the front end and back, and I've realised two things: first is that risk management is in the core of software development, from project deadline risks, software vulnerabilities risk to budgetary risks, the ability to manage these risks is core and crucial for success. And second, maintainable code doesn't mean that you write it once and it will work perfectly forever without any modifications; maintainable code still needs to be maintained, as the name may suggest, but it should not take a 400B parameters to make sense of it. Those two philosophies are two that I'm deeply interested in exploring as I go forward with my software development career, and I feel Westpac would be the perfect place for to make that a reality. 

I would also like to tell you a little bit about why I'm looking for a new position instead of sticking with my current one. I've been based out of Brisbane for about a year now, before that, I was in Perth working in person with Visagio. Ever since the move, I've found myself missing the office and the people more that I'd thought I would, and therefore I'm looking for a position where I can work in person again. The other reason is that I want to build something that I can watch grow and impact more and more people, something that is more stable and maintainable, as opposed to mad rush we have in many projects as consultants, where the tight timeline of deliverables justify regarding good security and coding practices as an afterthought. 


in most of the software we write, security is never a big enough risk that we're considering until it's too late